README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://nestjs.com/" target="blank"><img src="https://nestjs.com/img/logo-small.svg" width="200" alt="Nest Logo" /></a>
</p>

[circleci-image]: https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/nestjs/nest/master?token=abc123def456
[circleci-url]: https://circleci.com/gh/nestjs/nest

  <p align="center">A progressive <a href="http://nodejs.org" target="_blank">Node.js</a> framework for building efficient and scalable server-side applications.</p>
    <p align="center">
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="NPM Version" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="Package License" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@nestjs/common.svg" alt="NPM Downloads" /></a>
<a href="https://circleci.com/gh/nestjs/nest" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/nestjs/nest/master" alt="CircleCI" /></a>
<a href="https://coveralls.io/github/nestjs/nest?branch=master" target="_blank"><img src="https://coveralls.io/repos/github/nestjs/nest/badge.svg?branch=master#9" alt="Coverage" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/G7Qnnhy" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-online-brightgreen.svg" alt="Discord"/></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#backer" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg" alt="Backers on Open Collective" /></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg" alt="Sponsors on Open Collective" /></a>
  <a href="https://paypal.me/kamilmysliwiec" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-ff3f59.svg"/></a>
    <a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor"  target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20us-Open%20Collective-41B883.svg" alt="Support us"></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/nestframework" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/nestframework.svg?style=social&label=Follow"></a>
</p>
  <!--[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#backer)
  [![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor)-->

## Description

# Teste NTT Data - Aplicação

Esta aplicação foi desenvolvida como requisito para o teste da NTT Data. Ela utiliza uma variedade de tecnologias, incluindo:

- **NestJS 8.0**: Framework para construção de aplicativos Node.js eficientes e escaláveis.
- **Prisma 3.5**: ORM (Object-Relational Mapping) para bancos de dados SQL e outras funcionalidades relacionadas ao banco de dados.
- **PostgreSQL**: Banco de dados relacional utilizado pela aplicação.
- **Docker**: Plataforma que permite desenvolver, testar e implantar aplicativos em contêineres.
- **TypeScript**: Linguagem de programação que adiciona tipagem estática ao JavaScript.
- **Jest**: Framework de teste em JavaScript.
- **Node.js**: Ambiente de execução JavaScript server-side.

## Instruções de Inicialização

Para iniciar a aplicação:

1. **Instale as Dependências**: Na linha de comando, digite `npm install` para baixar todas as dependências necessárias.

2. **Inicialize o Docker**:
   - Certifique-se de ter o Docker Desktop instalado.
   - Abra o terminal e navegue até o diretório da aplicação com o comando `cd (caminho/do/diretório)`.
   - Execute `docker compose build` para construir os contêineres.
   - Em seguida, execute `docker compose up` para iniciar o Docker.

3. **Inicialize o Prisma**:
   - Execute `npm install prisma` para instalar o Prisma.
   - Em seguida, utilize `npx prisma migrate dev` para aplicar as migrações do Prisma e atualizar o banco de dados.

## Running the app

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Test

```bash
# unit tests
$ npm run test

# e2e tests
$ npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
$ npm run test:cov
```

## Support

Nest is an MIT-licensed open source project. It can grow thanks to the sponsors and support by the amazing backers. If you'd like to join them, please [read more here](https://docs.nestjs.com/support).

## License

Nest is [MIT licensed](LICENSE).

Commit message:

readme.md update to English

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://nestjs.com/" target="blank"><img src="https://nestjs.com/img/logo-small.svg" width="200" alt="Nest Logo" /></a>
</p>

[circleci-image]: https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/nestjs/nest/master?token=abc123def456
[circleci-url]: https://circleci.com/gh/nestjs/nest

  <p align="center">A progressive <a href="http://nodejs.org" target="_blank">Node.js</a> framework for building efficient and scalable server-side applications.</p>
    <p align="center">
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="NPM Version" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@nestjs/core.svg" alt="Package License" /></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~nestjscore" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@nestjs/common.svg" alt="NPM Downloads" /></a>
<a href="https://circleci.com/gh/nestjs/nest" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/nestjs/nest/master" alt="CircleCI" /></a>
<a href="https://coveralls.io/github/nestjs/nest?branch=master" target="_blank"><img src="https://coveralls.io/repos/github/nestjs/nest/badge.svg?branch=master#9" alt="Coverage" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/G7Qnnhy" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-online-brightgreen.svg" alt="Discord"/></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#backer" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg" alt="Backers on Open Collective" /></a>
<a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg" alt="Sponsors on Open Collective" /></a>
  <a href="https://paypal.me/kamilmysliwiec" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-ff3f59.svg"/></a>
    <a href="https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor"  target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20us-Open%20Collective-41B883.svg" alt="Support us"></a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/nestframework" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/nestframework.svg?style=social&label=Follow"></a>
</p>
  <!--[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/backers/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#backer)
  [![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nest/sponsors/badge.svg)](https://opencollective.com/nest#sponsor)-->

## Description

# NTT Data Test - Application

This application was developed as a requirement for the NTT Data test. It utilizes a variety of technologies, including:

- **NestJS 8.0**: Framework for building efficient and scalable Node.js applications.
- **Prisma 3.5**: ORM (Object-Relational Mapping) for SQL databases and related database functionalities.
- **PostgreSQL**: Relational database used by the application.
- **Docker**: Platform for developing, testing, and deploying applications in containers.
- **TypeScript**: Programming language adding static typing to JavaScript.
- **Jest**: JavaScript testing framework.
- **Node.js**: Server-side JavaScript runtime environment.

## Initialization Instructions

To start the application:

1. **Install Dependencies**: In the command line, type `npm install` to download all necessary dependencies.

2. **Initialize Docker**:
   - Make sure you have Docker Desktop installed.
   - Open the terminal and navigate to the application's directory using `cd (path/to/directory)`.
   - Run `docker compose build` to build the containers.
   - Then, execute `docker compose up` to start Docker.

3. **Initialize Prisma**:
   - Run `npm install prisma` to install Prisma.
   - Next, use `npx prisma migrate dev` to apply Prisma migrations and update the database.


## Running the app

```bash
# development
$ npm run start

# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```

## Test

```bash
# unit tests
$ npm run test

# e2e tests
$ npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
$ npm run test:cov
```

## Support

Nest is an MIT-licensed open source project. It can grow thanks to the sponsors and support by the amazing backers. If you'd like to join them, please [read more here](https://docs.nestjs.com/support).

## License

Nest is [MIT licensed](LICENSE).
